README.md, before:

# Microsoft.MixedReality.SceneUnderstanding.Samples - UnitySample
A Unity-based sample application that showcases Scene Understanding on HoloLens 2.  
When this sample is deployed on a HoloLens, it will show the virtual representation of your real environment.  
When this sample is deployed on a PC, it will load a serialized scene (included under Assets\SceneUnderstanding\StandardAssets\SUScenes) and display it.  
A help menu is presented on launch, which provides information about all the input commands available in the application.  
To learn more about Scene Understanding, please visit this link: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/mixed-reality/scene-understanding.  
To learn more about Scene Understanding SDK, please visit this link: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/mixed-reality/scene-understanding-sdk.  

# Prerequisites
Unity 2019.2.21f1 or greater.  
Visual Studio 2017 or 2019 with Universal Windows Platform components.  
Windows SDK version 10.0.18362.0 or greater.  

# Running on HoloLens 2
To run this sample on the HoloLens 2, please follow the instructions below:
1. Open the SceneUnderstanding Sample Scenes under Assets\SceneUnderstanding\Examples (Scenes are Under Placement, NavMesh and Understanding Folder)
2. Select the SceneUnderstandingManager game object and make sure that 'Query Scene From Device' checkbox is checked on the SceneUnderstandingManager Component in all Scenes
3. In the Menu under File->Build Settings, click on Build --> UWP. Once the build completes successfully, a log indicating this will show up in the output console.
4. Navigate to the UWP folder under root and open the 'Scene Understanding.sln' in Visual Studio.
5. Right-click on the 'Scene Understanding (Universal Windows)' project and click on 'Publish' --> 'Create App Packages'.
6. Run through the wizard and wait for building and packaging to complete. 
7. The built app package should be at 'UWP\AppPackages\Scene Understanding\Scene Understanding_*\Scene Understanding_*.[appx|msix|appxbundle|msixbundle]'
8. Deploy the package to a HoloLens 2.
9. Launch the 'Scene Understanding' app from the 'All Apps' list on the HoloLens 2.

# Running on PC
To run this sample on the PC, please follow the instructions below:
1. Open any of the SceneUnderstanding Sample Scenes under Assets\SceneUnderstanding\Examples (Scenes are Under Placement, NavMesh and Understanding Folder)
2. Select the SceneUnderstandingManager game object and uncheck the 'Query Scene From Device' checkbox on the SceneUnderstandingManager Component
3. Ensure SU Serialized Scene Paths on the Scene Understanding component is referring to a serialized Scene Understanding scene, examples scenes are provided under the examples folder
4. Click 'Play' in the Editor.

# Additional Notes
This sample relies on NuGetForUnity package (https://github.com/GlitchEnzo/NuGetForUnity) to bring NuGet support inside Unity.  
When you first launch the sample in Unity, NuGetForUnity will restore the Microsoft.MixedReality.SceneUnderstanding NuGet package and place the contents under Assets\Packages.

Commit message:

docs: Useful links for custom package deployment
Ran this scene understanding sample as a first time HoloLens 2 user (started out with a HoloLens 1). Have added two additional links I found useful during build and deployment that tripped me up:

- How to install a custom app to HoloLens
- Ensuring you select ARM64 for build. Originally deployed using ARM, and the app ran, but the interface had a weird occlusion effect and it took me a while to troubleshoot the route cause back to deploying build as ARM incorrectly.

README.md, after:

# Microsoft.MixedReality.SceneUnderstanding.Samples - UnitySample
A Unity-based sample application that showcases Scene Understanding on HoloLens 2.  
When this sample is deployed on a HoloLens, it will show the virtual representation of your real environment.  
When this sample is deployed on a PC, it will load a serialized scene (included under Assets\SceneUnderstanding\StandardAssets\SUScenes) and display it.  
A help menu is presented on launch, which provides information about all the input commands available in the application.  
To learn more about Scene Understanding, please visit this link: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/mixed-reality/scene-understanding.  
To learn more about Scene Understanding SDK, please visit this link: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/mixed-reality/scene-understanding-sdk.  

# Prerequisites
Unity 2019.2.21f1 or greater.  
Visual Studio 2017 or 2019 with Universal Windows Platform components.  
Windows SDK version 10.0.18362.0 or greater.  

# Running on HoloLens 2
To run this sample on the HoloLens 2, please follow the instructions below:
1. Open the SceneUnderstanding Sample Scenes under Assets\SceneUnderstanding\Examples (Scenes are Under Placement, NavMesh and Understanding Folder)
2. Select the SceneUnderstandingManager game object and make sure that 'Query Scene From Device' checkbox is checked on the SceneUnderstandingManager Component in all Scenes
3. In the Menu under File->Build Settings, click on Build --> UWP. Once the build completes successfully, a log indicating this will show up in the output console.
4. Navigate to the UWP folder under root and open the 'Scene Understanding.sln' in Visual Studio.
5. Right-click on the 'Scene Understanding (Universal Windows)' project and click on 'Publish' --> 'Create App Packages'.
6. Run through the wizard and wait for building and packaging to complete. 
7. The built app package should be at 'UWP\AppPackages\Scene Understanding\Scene Understanding_*\Scene Understanding_*.[appx|msix|appxbundle|msixbundle]'
8. [Deploy](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/hololens/holographic-custom-apps) the package to a HoloLens 2. Ensure you build your application using ARM64, see the topic [Unity 2019.3 and HoloLens](https://microsoft.github.io/MixedRealityToolkit-Unity/Documentation/BuildAndDeploy.html#unity-20193-and-hololens) for further details.
9. Launch the 'Scene Understanding' app from the 'All Apps' list on the HoloLens 2.

# Running on PC
To run this sample on the PC, please follow the instructions below:
1. Open any of the SceneUnderstanding Sample Scenes under Assets\SceneUnderstanding\Examples (Scenes are Under Placement, NavMesh and Understanding Folder)
2. Select the SceneUnderstandingManager game object and uncheck the 'Query Scene From Device' checkbox on the SceneUnderstandingManager Component
3. Ensure SU Serialized Scene Paths on the Scene Understanding component is referring to a serialized Scene Understanding scene, examples scenes are provided under the examples folder
4. Click 'Play' in the Editor.

# Additional Notes
This sample relies on NuGetForUnity package (https://github.com/GlitchEnzo/NuGetForUnity) to bring NuGet support inside Unity.  
When you first launch the sample in Unity, NuGetForUnity will restore the Microsoft.MixedReality.SceneUnderstanding NuGet package and place the contents under Assets\Packages.
